**where Joelle officially does not know what she is doing**

###DC Motors

if you switch the polarity of a DC Motor i.e. switch the power and ground, you change the direction of the spin

to vary speed of the DC Motor you do Pulse Width Modulation

DC Motors are based on the principle of induction ==> that you generate a magnetic field around a current and then introduce a magnet, the magnet moves according to the +/- values
the diode in the High Current Load Lab prevents current from going back into the DC Motor. Though some transistors have diodes it is always better and safer to use a diode.
to protect the power supply you would put the diode in parallel with the transistor


###Transistors
the general rule is to look at the load (motor) you're working with and then find in the transistor's data sheet if it can handle that type…that level of voltage.

<dl>Generally</dl>
<dt>MOSFET ==> extremely sensistive, used in BIG Loads</dt>
<dt>BiPolar ==> low voltage applications</dt>
</dl>

*THERE IS AN ERROR ON THE FRITZ HIGH CURRENT LOAD LAB*
Do not use pin8, use one of the tilda ones because those pins are Analog Output

(ugh)
###On the Photocell - Music Notes Lab
the photocells are variable resistors
there is always some resistance, some current consumed.

the speaker is in pin8, one of the digital pins.
PWM ?not used to make noise?
  the function for PWM is analogWrite();

PWM and frequency are different ==> frequency is changing the time of the pulse; this change in time is what generates time.
				==> PWM is a set interval of time, except your changing ??how long you pulse high and how long you pulse low??



### On Servo Lab
a servo is a DC Motor with stuff on top, like resistor and pentiometer stuff like that
most servos only go 180 degrees, that's why it is important to remap using the map(); function

there is a site that B. recommends [this site](www.flying-pig.co.uk) it shows a bunch of circuits you can make using only one motor, and fun mechanics
there is also Dustyn Robert's book ==> is this book linked from the class page

*Digital Input/Output range(0,1)
*Anglog Input range(0,1023)
*Analog Output range(0-255)

a variable resistor only has two connections one to power and one to ground. a pentiometer has three the third to a pin. ?I don't know what that MEANS?

for Pam's code:
  for the slider is 1k resistor

Note that a speaker also works by induction like a DC Motor

_Questions_:
--is a pentiometer not a variable resistor?
--will i always need an arduino sketch to run a graphical sensor program?
--(look at last week's lab for questions about the code and schematic)


