##People Doing Significant Stuff in New York

###

There are a lot heads of big companies on the board of this CITY ORG

*Fund Investment Principles*
<dl>
<dt>Seed Future Growth</dt>
<dt>Expand Opportunity</dt>
<dt>Promote Public</dt>
</dl>

#### There are Portfolio Companies
**these are the companies they help, like provide capital**
Operate Kitchen in Harlem ==> mission to train immigrant women to become bakers, professiONAL
Red Rabbit ==> mission to provide fresh, locally sourced food to poor children in charter schools
Grameen America
FinTech
shapeways ==> an attempt for the city to gain a hold on 3d on demand manufacturing
Freelancers Union

WHO IS THIS HELPING?
i dunno.
I guess, me? Depending on the type of J.O.B. I get after my masters…?

de Blasio!!

This organization has a unique perspective

Unique Perspective
=================
Private - Public - Non-Profit
quality of life for whom? i dunno. do I don't know?

##Question: Who should take risk and catalyze new economic sectors? [that is a good question for debate]

## Fresh Kill Park

Fresh Kills WAS the world's largest landfill. It is now a park. A completely engineered landscape. Fantastic. Congratulations Bloomberg

21st Century Parks ==> it reuses land that was used for other STUFF. a symbol of renewal. Why am I typing all of this??
  >>Sapporo!!!

FKPark mission 
  >>promote responisble and innovative strategies (she didn't spend much time on the slide)

People once thought that wetlands were incubuses(sp) of DISEASE then *Robert Moses* ie the *power broker* decided something.

Fresh Kills Landfill was closed because of Pataki, Guiliani or Bloomberg and other Repugs

It's the size of Central Park Yo!

It has a complex infrastructure

the methane that comes out from the site heats homes. there is leachate another gas eminating from the dump.
  >>the leachate is buried

Guiliani approved an international design competition. ugh. am I myopic?

Schmul Park remodeled/redesigned. Adjacent to FKP

Neighborhood oriented parks. (maybe i feel 'eh' because i live in not the city and not the 'burbs?)

What is a COMPOSTING TOILET COMFORT STATION?

Goats for Vegetation Mgmt
  >>they irradicated the unsustainable vegetation. everybody love goats. this is a HIGHLY regulated site, but GOATS!

there is a place for scientifc research. from across the country that's awesome

the site is closed though, so how do you do outreach to make contact with the staff to build a consituency

### Brooklyn Flea Guy

it took him a long time to figure out what he wanted to do
when you graduate from Princeton, you can do anything so.......

entrepreneurs knowing when to take a risk. (the fresh kills woman spoke for a long time...)
find JOY JOY JOY in life. he switch to financial journalism from wall street (that is worse!)
he created Butler's Academic Research
then scholarship at Stern ==> but shutdown his newsletter, poor choice but he survived and thrived
stern was small-minded. he was on an existential journey.

he really got into furniture design, Totem Design in Tribeca. he just went up to the guy and asked him what do I do? how do I do? 
His story is so quaint and so sweet.

I should just write to…um…I know who but not yet.

This is a really great curated panel.

Urban Investment Group @ Goldman Sachs

start from a place of enlightened self-interest

How do you define and/or identify your constituency? New York is a conglomerate of neighborhoods, some closed-off, ignored, demigod.







